# QBM

Repo containing the source code for a Qiskit Implementation of a quantum version of a restricted Boltzmann Machine (QBM).
Inside the `src` folder are multiple Python files.
- `QBMData.py`: Class for storing and retrieving data used in the context of the algorithm. This includes static parameters as the number of data and ancilla qubits, as well as dynamic parameters that make up the model and have to be optimized.
- `QBMBuilder.py`: Class for building and executing a parametrized QBM circuit for an avaiable Qiskit Backend. The circuit is transpiled and saved as attribute for the chosen backend after the `prepare_qbm`-method has been called. Wave function of interest can be generated via the `get_state_amplitudes`-mehod, which returns a dictionary with binary states as keys and the corresponding amplitudes as values.
- `ExpValClass.py`: Class for post-processing. Evaluates quantities related to an input Hamiltonian w.r.t. some input wave function, defined by `state_amplitudes` obtained from `QBMBuilder` methods. Also includes a method for evaluating the analytic gradient in a vectorized form, used for the optimization scheme of choice.
- `helpers.py`: File containing helper functions for the classes defined above, as well as utilities for numerically finding groundstates via the matrix representation of a Hamiltonian.
- `visualize_distribution`: File containing functions for verifying and visualizing that the correct state distribution was generated by `QBMBuilder`-methods.
- `requirements.txt`: Lists the necessary python packages with their versions.